BYOIDP documentation update (#5302)
mendix/docs: content/en/docs/developerportal/control-center/set-up-sso-byoidp.md

As a Mendix Administrator, you will find the IdP setup on the **Single Sign-On** tab of your Control Center's [Security](/developerportal/control-center/#security) section.

> In this overview, you will find your current IdP configurations, both draft versions and the active one. When you create a new configuration, a pop-up screen will be displayed to inform you of known limitations.

Reviewer: We try to avoid using passive tense in our documentation. If you want to remove the reference to _Control Center_, then perhaps:
```suggestion
In this overview, you will find your current IdP configurations, both draft versions and the active one. When you create a new configuration, a pop-up screen will inform you of known limitations.
```

## 5 Activating

> When you are ready, you can activate the IdP configuration from the overview page. The changes come into effect immediately, updating your users will take some time depending on the number of users in your company. Your users will start to benefit from logging into the Mendix Developer Portal with the same credentials as they use in the IDP. Any user passwords currently held in the Mendix Platform will be scrambled to prevent the users from bypassing your IdP authentication.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you are ready, you can activate the IdP configuration from the overview page. Although the changes start to come into effect immediately, updating your users will take some time depending on the number of users in your company. Your users will start to benefit from logging into the Mendix Developer Portal with the same credentials as they use in the IDP. Any user passwords currently held in the Mendix Platform will be scrambled to prevent the users from bypassing your IdP authentication.
```

Author: Nice improvement! Commited!

## 6 Deactivating

> You can deactivate the IdP configuration at any time. The changes come into effect immediately, updating your users will take some time depending on the number of users in your company. Users will have to reset their Mendix password to be able to sign-in since it was scrambled upon activation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can deactivate the IdP configuration at any time. Although the changes start to come into effect immediately, updating your users will take some time depending on the number of users in your company. Users will have to reset their Mendix password to be able to sign-in since it was scrambled upon activation.
```

Author: Nice improvement! Commited!

## 5 Activating

> When you are ready, you can activate the IdP configuration from the overview page. Your users will start to benefit from logging into the Mendix Developer Portal with the same credentials as they use in the IDP. Any user passwords currently held in the Mendix Platform will be scrambled to prevent the users from bypassing your IdP authentication.

Reviewer: I prefer "immediately benefit" - is there a reason to change it?

Author: This feature is currently being handled synchronously. This will change and it will be handled asynchronously.

Please be aware that there can be only one active IdP configuration at a time. When you activate an IdP configuration while another one is already active, the current active configuration will be de-activated automatically.

## 6 Deactivating

> You can deactivate the IdP configuration at any time. The changes start coming into effect immediately. Users will have to reset their Mendix passwords to be able to sign-in since it has been scrambled upon activation.

Reviewer: Any reason why they only _start_ coming into effect? Will it take some time - if so, how much?
```suggestion
You can deactivate the IdP configuration at any time. The changes come into effect immediately. Users will have to reset their Mendix password to be able to sign-in since it was scrambled upon activation.
```

Author: As this feature will be handled asynchronously, it seemed fair to state that it starts after IDP deactivation. The time it takes would vary depending on the number of users

Reviewer: Thanks for the update,

Studio Pro uses an embedded browser for login. Login via embedded browser may not work when customer’s IdP is allowing only for trusted devices and doesn’t recognize the embedded browser.

> Mendix has created an enhancement in Studio Pro (9.21+) that uses your system browser to login, to overcome this limitation.

Reviewer: I think this changes in version 9.18.0? https://docs.mendix.com/releasenotes/studio-pro/9.18/#other-new-features

and better to say how it works in the latest version first. So perhaps:
```suggestion

Mendix Studio Pro version 9.18.0 and above uses your system browser to login.

Versions of Studio Pro lower than 9.18.0 use an embedded browser for login. This may not work when the customer’s IdP only allows trusted devices and doesn’t recognize the embedded browser as a trusted device.
```

Author: Good catch! Agreed!
